Update remove-former-employee-step-5.md (#11386)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/add-users/remove-former-employee-step-5.md

> [!NOTE]
> You can move or copy up to 500 MB of files and folders at a time.<br/>
> When you move or copy documents that have version history, only the latest version is moved.  

> > Administrative options found under the OneDrive tab of an Active User with the M365 Admin Center are currently not supported for Multi-Geo Tenants. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Administrative options for an active user under the OneDrive tab in the Microsoft 365 admin center are currently not supported for multi-geo tenants. 
```
